c:\users\santiago\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\bin\Debug\SimsNeighborhoodEditor.exe
c:\users\santiago\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\bin\Debug\SimsNeighborhoodEditor.pdb
c:\users\santiago\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\bin\Debug\SimsNeighborhoodEditor.xml
c:\users\santiago\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\santiago\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\obj\x86\Debug\SimsNeighborhoodEditor.MainEditor.resources
c:\users\santiago\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\obj\x86\Debug\SimsNeighborhoodEditor.Resources.resources
c:\users\santiago\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\santiago\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\santiago\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\obj\x86\Debug\SimsNeighborhoodEditor.exe
c:\users\santiago\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\obj\x86\Debug\SimsNeighborhoodEditor.xml
c:\users\santiago\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\obj\x86\Debug\SimsNeighborhoodEditor.pdb
c:\users\santiago\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\obj\x86\Debug\SimsNeighborhoodEditor.Profile.resources
c:\users\santiago\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.292.tlog
C:\Users\Santiago\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\obj\x86\Debug\SimsNeighborhoodEditor.TextEditor.resources
C:\Users\Santiago\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\bin\Debug\SimsNeighborhoodEditor.exe.config
C:\Users\Santiago\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\obj\x86\Debug\SimsNeighborhoodEditor.Settings.resources
C:\Users\Santiago\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\obj\x86\Debug\SimsNeighborhoodEditor.LotsBuild.resources
C:\Users\Santiago\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\bin\Debug\ZipForge.dll
C:\Users\Santiago\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\bin\Release\SimsNeighborhoodEditor.exe.config
C:\Users\Santiago\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\bin\Release\SimsNeighborhoodEditor.exe
C:\Users\Santiago\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\bin\Release\SimsNeighborhoodEditor.pdb
C:\Users\Santiago\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\bin\Release\SimsNeighborhoodEditor.xml
C:\Users\Santiago\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\bin\Release\ZipForge.dll
C:\Users\Santiago\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\bin\Release\SimsLib.dll
C:\Users\Santiago\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\obj\x86\Debug\SimsNeighborhoodEditor.Reader.resources
C:\Users\Santiago\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\SimsNeighborhoodEditor\obj\x86\Debug\SimsNeighborhoodEditor.FAREditor.resources
